Well, everyone, let's go to this and we will get it bottom up now.
Right.
So let's take a dip here and let's call it an and one.
Let's shift and.
Right.
So.
Okay, so right now we have an away.
So why don't I just, you know, take a vector and graph and in this case.
Right, so let's remove these global variables.
And in this I'm just pushing X and Y.
That works.
Let's take small innovate put.
So generally what will happen when you see the problems related to the mosque?
You will see an approximately being equal to 15 or 16.
That means and will be very little because the complex it is to restore the power.
And in doing it because we need to fit this complexity like less than equal to tended to the power seven
right.
So that's it if you see a very small and just assume that 60% like just take it as a hint that the problem
will require different musk eight and cool.
So this is deep and initially let me set everything to zero.
Right, because.
Yeah.
Size of the B eight and what are the base cases with the base cases?
So from every node.
If I start, I am visiting that note.
Right?
That means every note is positive from that node.
So let me simply iterate from zero to and I simply say that DPI and one left shift is is one is true
basically.
What does this mean that if I'm starting from my.
Or if I'm currently on a that means I'm ending on I and they said it is one lecture but I'll get that
we have only one area in this and then when it's true, that means I'm able to visit right now for fraud.
For every note nobody loses.
Try to move forward.
We will try to go to G if that G if they're g wasn't I just NC list of the I it's not and the G was
not visited then I can visit it and market rate.
So let me just updated.
Yep.
So.
Right.
And okay, so what's better?
Let's just start from my equals to zero and.
No.
Sorry.
So what I'll do is I'll start from.
Okay.
Let's say a mosque.
Let's call it mosque instead of I to make things more clear.
And this mosque will start from maybe zero and go to one unresponsive over and eight and minus eight.
And what I'll do is I'll just try to make this mosque.
Right.
And also, there's one more thing that we need to do.
Okay.
We'll come to that later.
Now we know that let's have a mosque 1001108.
So let's add this is the straight and zero one, two, three, four.
Right.
And let's say four.
And this mosque was two.
What what it means that I visited these nodes, which are two, three, one, two and four.
So I was able to visit one twin forward.
That means there was a path which ended on four.
Now, from four, I want to try out different possibilities.
That means I want to try out whether I can go to three or not, whether I can go to zero or not eight.
So.
So if I see, let's say if this was possible, then only will try for the right.
So yeah.
So let me just iterate over the I nodes or let's call it current eight that right now I'm on the current
node.
And what I will say is for mosque and for this current node if.
It was possible.
There is deep current and musk read.
If this was possible then only I'll just try to make some other possibilities and update them.
That means if.
Okay, let's take this example only if this 10110 and I'll just try to make a possibility of going to
zero.
That means from this date, 410110.
Can I go to this date?
Which is 010111?
That means now I'm including zero.
That means I'm one zero.
And whether I was able to go to zero, that means was there Hamiltonian but right.
So yeah.
So this, this will be only possible if this was possible.
Correct.
Or for this there can be other possibilities that are if I'm visiting zero, they can be other possibilities.
Right.
For example, let's see even of zero, one, two, let's if two and this same mask, which is 10110
was possible, what it means that there was a part starting somewhere.
We don't know where it started then even we don't have to count it right where it started.
We don't need it basically.
So if 210110 was possible, that means end to end zero are actually existing to each other.
Then also this can be possible correct that I can go on this date zero and I can means move on to zero
and this includes zero into my musk eight and this this 4 to 0 transition can also be possible if there
was a connection between four and zero like four in zero eight.
I hope this is I hope this is very understandable and it's very easy for any of the current state and
the mask.
I want to update the further states which are not state in this state.
So for that I have to run a loop and let's see, let's call it X, right?
That is what is x x x are the number of the vertex exit, the number of the words on which I want to
go to from the current state.
Okay, so let's run.
What I can do is I can also, you know, do this for auto x in graph of current.
This is also good in this just I don't have to check whether it is just in the list of current or not
because it is already there.
And what I want, what I simply do is I simply check if this s this x should not be set in.
Musk First of all.
State So if not X, right shift.
Okay.
Musk Right shift X and one.
Ready.
Let me give one more bracket to it.
So if this is not true, that means it was not set in the mask plus eight.
The second thing is we know that X and carrying that addition to each other, right.
So we don't want do we don't have to check that and we have already checked whether X was in this way.
So we're simply saying I simply say that deep X and musk, the mask or one left shift X times because
we have included X into my mask is to.
Why is this true?
Because this was true.
And they are in the a list of the current symbol.
And what will be my final answer?
So let's take billion.
And so that means whether our Hamiltonian party existed or not.
It's very simple.
It just means one thing that if I'm on something, I can end on any of the notes.
Right?
So if I'm ending on and, you know, Trump zero to win and the mask and then all the nodes.
Right.
So if the mask and then all the notes and I'm only one of the nodes and it is true that means there
was a but I say answer or equals to DP.
Any of the notes, which is I and the the mask in this case will be one left shift and minus one.
They let me give a pretty good deal.
Why?
Well, if you did minus one, because all all these streets were visited and I ended on I and if it
was true, if any one of them was true, then that means the answer will be to let me be let.
Okay.
So I made it.
And then comma and.
So here you can see again, I've got one.
So this is a very basic debate.
But my solution and this I hope the transitions are very clear.
We we want to build some future mosque by using the current mosque.
And I already said the basic is that for the current law and that, as I said, it's always true.
And then what we're doing is for every current and for a particular mosque, I'm just taking.
Whether Deep Current in was true or not, it was true.
What does it mean?
That it simply means one thing that.
There was a Hamiltonian path which ended on the current node by using these many nodes which are certain
musk which are in musk, right?
And then I'll go in there, presents a list of the current node and I just see whether that the node
on which I want to go to is not in the math.
That means there can be a possibility that if I ask if I know an X and I just started in the musk and
make it linked to it is a very it is very tricky to explain but I hope we are in history and it's not
a big deal though.
And yeah.
So in the next part, everyone.